docs: adjust documentation for starting sessions (#2900)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/topic-guides/sessions/session-basics.rst

  If a session is already running, you will see a "Connect" button instead of the
  "Start" button.

* Click on the "Start with options" link in
  the "Start/Connect" dropdown menu available on the top right of the project
  page header. Or on the "New session" button on the project sessions tab.
  This action will bring you to a
  lengthy :ref:`"Start Session" <start_with_options_anchor>` page with many
  more   options to personalize your session before starting.

* Use an :ref:`"Autostart Session" <create_autostart_links_anchor>` link.
  The user experience is very similar to the quick start button. You can easily
  :ref:`generate and distribute links <create_autostart_links_anchor>` starting
  on the latest version of any branch or even embed specific references and
  environmental variables to tailor the session to specific needs.

.. _start_with_options_anchor:

Start with options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When starting a new session through the "Start with options" button from the
project page header or the "New session" button on the project sessions tab,
you will get a complete overview of the session you will start.

> One of the typical use cases for using the extended options is picking a
> non-default branch.
> 
> For most of the other options, the default should work well. If you encounter problems
> with an environment (E.G. not enough space or crashing when starting), consider adding
> processing power, memory, or disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the default values should work well. But there are situations where using the extended options are indispensable. Examples include:
* picking a non-default branch
* increasing resource limits (processing power, memory, or disk space) if you know it is necessary or if the session crashes when starting or complains that tis is not enough space
```

Here's the rundown of the configuration options.

+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Option                       | Description                                                                               |
+==============================+===========================================================================================+

> | Branch                       | Default is ``master`` or ``main``. You can switch if you are working on another branch    |

Reviewer: I think this is more accurate:

```suggestion
| Branch                       | Default is the default branch (typically ``master`` or ``main``). You can switch if you are working on another branch    |
```

+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Commit                       | Default is the running session (if any) or autosave commit (if any) or latest.            |

Reviewer: I think the original wording, though technically precise, is going to be confusing for most users.

```suggestion
| Commit                       | Typically the most recent commit, but could be different if there is a running session or uncommitted work from a recent session.            |
```

> |                              | You can pick a different one, and that's especially useful if your latest commit's build  |
> |                              | failed (see below) or you have unsaved                                                    | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                              | Selecting a different commit can be useful to see the state of the project at a specific point in time, to avoid a commit in which the image does not build, or to ignore autosaved work. |
```

|                              | lot of data. Refer to :ref:`Data in Renku <data>` for further information                 |
+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _create_autostart_links_anchor:

Create autostart links
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Autostart links simplify starting a session and landing there without requiring any further
> clicking on the UI. Unless you change options, the autostart link will pick the default branch
> on the target project; if any session is already running, the user lands there. Otherwise, a
> session is started either from the previously unsaved work (if any) or the latest commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autostart links are a good way to give others access to sessions, since they bring the visitor directly into a session without having to search for projects or provide any information. 

The standard behavior is for the autostart link to use the default branch
on the target project; if any session is already running, the user is taken there there. Otherwise, a
session is started either from the previously unsaved work (if any) or the latest commit.
```

You can :ref:`customize this behavior <customize_autostart_behavior_anchor>` to match specific
needs.

To create an autostart link from a RenkuLab deployment, you can open a project, go to
the :ref:`"Start session with options" <start_with_options_anchor>` page, and click on the

> dropdown menu on the `Start session` button on the bottom right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dropdown menu on the `Start session` button on the bottom right, and select the `Create link` option.
```

A modal will open where you can change some default values and copy the URL as text or markdown.

.. image:: ../../_static/images/ui_session_autostart_link.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Workflows list

.. _customize_autostart_behavior_anchor:

> Depending on your selection on the start page, you can include a specific branch, a commit,
> and environment variables. Mind that setting any of the previous will affect the starting flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autostart links can be configured to refer to a specific branch and/or commit, and can specify environment variables. Mind that the configuration can affect the starting flow.
```
